docs: restructure the documentation (#312)
kyma-project/eventing-auth-manager: docs/contributor/README.md

| **status.iasApplication.name**   | Name of the application in IAS                                                                                                            |
| **status.iasApplication.uuid**   | Application ID in IAS                                                                                                                     |
| **status.secret**                | AuthSecret contains information about created K8s secret                                                                                  |
| **status.secret.clusterId**      | Runtime ID of the cluster where the Secret is created                                                                                     |
| **status.secret.namespacedName** | NamespacedName of the Secret on the managed runtime                                                                                       |
| **status.state**                 | State signifies the current state of CustomObject. Value can be one of (`Ready`, `NotReady`).                                                 |

### `eventing-webhook-auth` Secret

> The Secret created on the managed runtime looks following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Secret created on the managed runtime looks as follows:
```
